c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Stomp.exe
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Stomp.pdb
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\obj\x86\Debug\Stomp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\obj\x86\Debug\Stomp.exe
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\obj\x86\Debug\Stomp.pdb
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\FarseerPhysics MonoGame.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\FarseerPhysics MonoGame.pdb
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\mario_jump.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\mario_walk.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\mario_walk1.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\mario_walk2.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\mario_walk3.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\jump.wav
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\slime.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bullet.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\boxEmpty.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Grass.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Stomp\Stomp\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\iceWaterMid.png
